Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, we see that Canada has
chosen
their leader. I saw
this coming several weeks ago, but I did
not want to come out and try to
discourage the believers
there. I was like,
'Let's stand in faith that we can
turn this thing.'And when I was in
prayer yesterday with you all in that
video, I saw the people crying. I saw
Canadians crying because of the way the
election went. They were weeping. I saw
women crying. I saw people upset because
of the turnout—believers that were
upset about how their
nation was going. And so if you go back
and watch that, that's what I was
seeing. I saw an
uprising. People were upset about the
turnout. Some people were
saying, 'Hey, we're going to
stand for what we want to stand
for.'And
there was an uprising in
the Christian community in the
days ahead because of the liberal
beliefs and the liberal way they were
wanting to take your
nation. I saw the same thing
going on in Australia. But there were
little fires; they weren't big fires. I
saw little fires in Queensland,
Australia.
I don't
know what that was all about,
but people were upset and they were
rising up. They were rising up against
the government
and
the decisions that were being
made because they didn't like the way it
was turning. As we see this, I told
you I saw the barrels, those whiskey
barrels rolling down from Canada into
America because of the trade. I saw
a global depression
hitting the economy of Canada in the
days ahead, similar to America. But then
I saw that British
Columbia
wanted to stand out on their own because
they wanted to be a part of the
digital platform and all the
things that are going on. I don't know
if that's later on, but I saw
this, so I don't know the timing of it.
I'm just piecing together
what I've gotten in prayer, bringing
it out to you to give you hope that
there will be a revival in Canada. It
will come out of a great
pressure, but there will be a major
revival in the days ahead. I'm
telling you all, the best is yet to come
for the body of Christ concerning the
harvest of the souls. So now what we do
is pray for your
leaders. Like I said, it was because
of the body of Christ—the preachers not
having a backbone in Canada and not
preaching an uncompromising word—is what
I was seeing. Remember I told you all I
went in the spirit and I was praying
with you a couple of weeks ago and I saw
the preachers. I saw a lukewarmness
in the churches, and the Lord said
because of this
lukewarmness, we're praying and we're
upset about the politics, but the problem
is we're not preaching the gospel in the
churches that causes the culture to
change. Because as the church goes, so
does everything else. As the preachers
don't stand on the word, so does
everything
else. The Lord warned me and even told
me this is a wake-up call. We
have a reprieve in America,
a four-year window of Trump, and he even
told
me, 'We're wanting everything to be on
Trump's shoulders to fix
America.'Well,
it's on America; it's on him
now. But the bottom line was when I
saw the sticky substance,
this oily honey coming off the
preachers'mouths,
and cockroaches were
coming in and out of the mouths and
laying upon the lips of the preachers in
America. I saw babies across the
land with diapers on. And the Lord
warned me. He said, 'The preachers are
not preaching the meat of the word.
They're preaching a milk gospel to
the people.'And this is what's wrong
with America, because the preachers are
not preaching an uncompromising word
that teaches people how to live by faith
and to grow up strong—the ABCs of
faith.
So the babies were all across the
land, but it wasn't just America; it was
going across the whole world.
This is a global problem where people
need to wake up and preach the gospel
the way it needs to be preached and not
this compromising, lukewarm gospel.
The Lord warned me this was
coming and that people needed to have a
backbone like a
crowbar
because what is coming is going to
shake the
world. We see fruit of it now. We pray
for South Korea because I saw a
communist party trying to rise up in
Korea—as
bad as
North Korea—that it would try to be
a little
bit, a little bit, and it equals a lot. Do
you see what I'm saying? It wasn't just
all at once; it was like a frog in a pot
being
boiled and cooked alive and it
didn't even know as the temperature
rises. As the
South Koreans adapted to it, the
communistic party of China was
influencing North Korea, and North Korea
had its hand trying to influence and
take
down South Korea and
Taiwan. As we see, they were
trying to bring them in like a mother
hen tries to bring in her
chicks.
That's what China was doing—trying to
bring in those islands that they
looked at as rebellious. 'You're not
underneath
communism, and we need to bring you into
the way we think.'It's a demonic way
of thinking; it's bondage. And there's
an iron curtain there that keeps
Christianity out. The people of
South Korea have become complacent,
and so it was with so many other places
where
they don't want to lose their
freedom. And the Lord told me,
'This is what's going to happen if the
people don't rise up and take their
authority, humble themselves
and pray, and turn from their wicked
ways, then they will hear from
heaven and the Lord said he would heal
your land.'I'm telling you all, it's a
time like never before to be serious,
looking at the
signs of the times. So
what do we do now? Canada's gone
left again. We pray for
revival. We pray
that Australia goes
better. We pray for South Korea.
They're coming up really
quick. And so, we pray for America.
We pray for our economic situation.
People say, 'Brandon, you know, in that
video yesterday, there were so many
people that agreed about
number three.'I told you to pick one,
two, or three. There were a lot of people
that agreed with three—that we have a
window, but the window is based on who
will pray. Who will pray for this wealth
transfer? It's not going to just happen.
You see the wrecking
ball swinging and we must pray for a
window of opportunity. God said, 'I want
to give you a window.'But what is that
based on? People interceding just
like Abraham—people interceding and
praying for the
window. As
the watchman
on
the wall, I am warning you of
what's coming: shortages of food
and
goods. Well, 'we
don't need China's
stuff.'Folks,
it's bigger than that. It's
car parts. I saw
people not being able to fix
their cars, chips for the cars, things
that were very tied to computers
and
our electric grid. I saw major
power outages coming. Have I not
warned you of this? Clear back in the
summer of last year, I said I've seen
major cyber attacks coming from China.
I warned you
back in July. I saw
people without electricity in some
cities for three
weeks because of some kind
of hack or computer problems.
It was so bad that it caused the
whole infrastructure to melt down,
mainly on the East Coast.
I've warned you of this. So why do you
bring all that up, Brandon? Because Italy
is
having issues. I don't know what
caused all those issues, but a lot of
power outages happened in France and
Italy today. And those people had to
walk out of subways. They had to walk;
they didn't have power, they didn't have
cell phones, they didn't have anything.
I said it seemed like an
EMP—that's
what it seemed like. Like
something major went on and they had
a major grid meltdown. So then
I hear that Russia and North Korea
are being buddies and they're trying to
raise up even more.
I told you: watch North Korea and Russia
in the days ahead. I have seen these two
countries in meetings—major meetings
about bringing troops over, bringing
them out of the Western
bloc
because America has suppressed
them—North
Korea because of communism
and all the things that are going on
with
how they treat their people. Well,
Russia was saying, "Hey, you join up
with
us and we will bring you into the BRICS. We'll bring you into the
BRICS."So
what we're seeing right
now, I saw in visions. I
haven't made a lot of this public. I saw
them laughing at Trump.
They were making fun of
him, thinking, "This old man is trying to
control us. You are not going to control
us."And
the way they were acting
was, "We're not going to allow you to
try to dominate us."And they were trying
to make alliances with Cuba and
Venezuela and all these other countries
in the days ahead. So we see these
things coming to pass. And like
I said, I told you I'm praying for
the window—the window
of where we are and that we're not going
to have all this happen so
quickly. But folks, we're pushing.
It's like a
teeter-totter.
We're pushing things back in the spirit.
We're holding things in balance because the
adversary is wanting their time now. And
remember what I told you. Jesus stood up
and I saw him above the United
States of America. And he said, "Who
will stand in the gap for America? Who
will pray for
America?"If
you remember what I told you all,
Jesus said all that and I saw a
massive python coming up out of the Gulf
of Mexico, and it tried to wrap around
America and squeeze it from the middle,
trying to squeeze it from within. It
was a massive python, a massive snake
coming
up out of the Gulf. And I saw a
storm of communism, a storm of war, a
storm of an Antichrist spirit
trying to come over and trying to come
on too fast. And the Lord wanted more
time. And you say, "Well, can the Lord
just have more time?"It comes through
us
praying. He does everything through his
bride, his people, interceding and
praying for change. So that's why I
bring up Jerome Powell all the time. I've
said it a thousand times.
The man is for the left.
I've seen Obama talking to him.
I've seen men in Europe talking to him,
influencing his decisions. If I was
Trump, if
he
has the power to do this, he would fire
Jerome Powell and hire somebody else to
take over the Federal
Reserve. That's what I would do because
I'm telling you, he's been in with the
Democrats for the last four years plus.
He's been influenced by the Obamas,
the Pelosis,
the Hillaries,
and
the Bidens. And it's
been that way for four years
prior. And
so, you know, I'm just telling
y'all, there's a lot that still needs
to change. And we're seeing it change a
little at a time. We pray for the
infrastructure of these new cryptos and
all this stuff to happen quickly. I pray
it's like lightning. Seriously,
we need it today for what I've seen. We
need this transfer of wealth today. We
need it right now.
Because I know the enemy, like I
said—he
was in the last vision I told
y'all when I was praying—he was trying
to hover over the earth and he looked
like Led Zeppelin. He looked like Led
Zeppelin's fallen angel thing on his
album and he was over there looking at
America, and I could hear the
Father laughing at the devil's plans
as Satan was trying to maneuver and
trying to control things on the earth
because his plan was to stop everything:
the revival, anything he could to try to
put a kink in the hose so that we don't
have the major flow of the Holy Ghost in
these last days. But God was laughing at
it. I could hear the Lord laughing and
I'm telling you all, good days are ahead
for the body of Christ. The Lord keeps
telling me, "Brandon, these are days of
fun. These are days of great fun. Time
to enjoy life. It's time to have fun.
Stop looking horizontally and go vertical
and get excited about what's
coming."He's
coming. A great revival is coming.
And people say, "Well, I don't know
where that's at. I don't believe there's
a revival coming."I do. I believe
that's how big our God is, that he wants
a great revival in these end times. All
right. So, that's what we're going
to
talk about today. I'm not going to
sit here and ramble on. I could go over
all the visions over and over
again of everything that I've seen over
the last year and it's redundant. I
think a lot of times if you want to go
back and watch the video, go back and
watch the videos. That's why I'm trying
to bring them up
and show you this is what's been said
clear back a year ago because a lot of
you have not seen that. And I'm trying
to work what I saw in 2023 and 2024. A
lot of that's coming to pass right now
in 2025. And every day Brandon goes,
"Wow, the words are almost on top of
each other, Daddy. Look at that."And I
said, "Yeah, it's pretty amazing,
actually. I mean, wow, where are we
right now?"And I need to know in 2025
what's coming in 2026, 2027, and 2028. I'm
telling you all, I need to catch up.
Don't focus on the old words;
they're coming to pass. We need to know
what's coming. What's coming? I need to
look on the edge of the wall
and say, "God, what's coming
now?"because
we need to catch up.
That's what I need to
do. I need to catch up. Don't focus on
yesterday. Don't focus on today. What's
going on in the future? Let's take
communion today and let's pray and
believe God for more wisdom and
revelation coming from him. He may not
show us anything. He may show us some
stuff. So I just go, "Well, Lord,
whatever you have to say, let's say it.
And now let me have a heart to receive
it."I
need Jesus to have more in me.
I've already got all of Jesus I can
have. I'm wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost. It's me decreasing so that he can
increase in my
life. I have to decrease. And the only
way I do that is dying to self. And
today I want to die more to self. Die
more so that he may live bigger in me. I
want him more inside of me to take
over. I need more. I need more of Jesus
today. You do, too. Every one of us
needs
more. More
revelation of him inside of us, him
taking over more. So, Father, let's lift
up this body. Father, we lift up this
body right now in the name of Jesus. And
we thank you, Lord, that you were
wounded for our transgressions. You were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we are
healed. And Lord, I thank you. I
thank you, Lord, that you've paid the
price for me. I thank you, Lord, that
you died for me. I thank you, Lord, that
you rose again on the third day. I thank
you, Lord, that we don't have to walk in
sickness and disease. Thank you, Lord,
right now in Jesus'name. Mentally,
emotionally, physically, financially,
we're blessed. Thank you for the blood,
Lord. We take the blood and we apply the
blood. Father, we make much of the blood
today and the blood makes much of
us. Thank you, Lord, that you show us
that which is to
come. As I stand on the wall with my
brothers and sisters today, we stand on
the wall, Lord, and we thank you,
Lord."We
thank you, Lord, that you are our
God, and we plead the blood of Jesus
over us. We plead the blood of Jesus
over our families. We plead the blood of
Jesus over our children. We plead the
blood of Jesus over our finances and
over our households. And we thank you,
Lord. We thank you, Lord, for even our
churches; that our pastors, our
evangelists, our teachers, and our prophets,
Father, they will wake up in the name of
Jesus and they will preach the
backbone of the word, the meat of the
word, teaching the people how to live a
righteous lifestyle and live by faith.
This is a time like never before;
it's time for the church to arise.
It's time for the church to wake up and
take their position of authority, taking
their position of faith, taking their
position that they are more than
conquerors through him who is in Christ
Jesus. And we take this blood right now
in the name of Jesus. And we come boldly
into your throne today, right now. And
we thank you, Lord, that you have a plan
for our lives in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Father, for
Canada, that this isn't the end. But God,
it's time for the church to rise up like
never
before. Not a weak, anemic
church, but a church that's the true
church, the blood-bought, the church of the
redeemed. Because we are in that army of
the Lord, bought with his
blood, and we are going forth.
There is nothing that can stop this
mighty moving force. Remember that we're
the blood-bought, the church of the
redeemed. I believe that it's time for
the church to rise up in Canada like
never
before, and the same with South Korea
and
Australia. Father, we thank you,
Lord, for a mighty hand, a mighty moving
power, a mighty moving spirit of the
Lord to move in Holy Ghost and fire
over these lands—over America—that in
this reprieve, we don't just take it for
granted and squander it. But Father, we
rise up and say enough is enough. Satan,
you get your hands off of us! We will be
that blood-bought, the church of the redeemed,
to walk and take authority
over the devil as
believers, just like the Tommy Hicks
vision, Father, that when
the Holy Ghost is pointing towards us—the
giant
pointing to
us—we
will say, 'Yes, Lord, here am
I. Yes, Lord, here am I. Send me, oh
God.'Send
us into all the world, Father,
that we make disciples. And we do the
Great Commission, doing what you've
commissioned us to do: to go into all
the world, preaching the gospel, laying
hands on the sick and seeing them
recover, casting out devils, and raising the
dead. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the Great Commission is still going on
today. And it should not be something
that we are not familiar with where we
go, 'Well, that's kind of odd,'when we
see somebody raised from the dead; it's
part of the Great Commission. And then,
Father, that we take that Great
Commission and we raise the dead
and
cast out devils. If there were devils
2,000 years ago and Jesus dealt with
them, that means they're still on the
earth today. And there are many people
that are walking with demonic possession
and oppression that need to be free today.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we,
the body of Christ, rise up in the name
of Jesus, taking our place of authority
and going about doing all that Jesus has
commissioned us to do, Father, not
shrinking back, but rising up with the
sword of the spirit and quenching
all the fiery darts of the wicked by our
shield of faith, by the word that comes
out of our mouth. We thank you, Lord, that
that word runs out of us like a mighty
river quenching all the fiery darts,
Father, for it is a river of living
water, and it's the water that flows out
of us that quenches
those darts. By the shield of faith, we
are able to stop them. And Father, I thank
you, Lord, that
the Holy Ghost and fire is not just
suppressed and in a little box. It's not like
that little thing that says, 'Excuse me,
excuse me, will you let me out of
here?'We
say, 'Oh, let the Holy Ghost run wild
inside of us and become bolder and
bolder and bolder about who we are in
Christ and taking our dominion and
authority.'Father,
I thank you, Lord,
that every single one of us would get a
backbone like a crowbar. And we, Father,
say, 'Thus far and no further, Satan!
You will not harm us, hurt us, or hinder
us in any way.'In the name of Jesus, we
take our rightful place in the seat of
authority far above all principalities
and powers. And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that you are on the throne
laughing at the plans of the devil,
laughing at the adversary, laughing at
the demonic attacks. You're laughing at
it because we're more than conquerors.
How much greater is he that is in
us than he that is
in the world? A thousand shall fall at
our side and 10,000 at our right hand,
but it shall not come nigh us. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that we're rising up in
our marriages. We're rising up in our
homes, and the fathers are taking their
authority over the devil and he will not
rob the marriages. He will not rob the
children of what they need; it's
called peace—peace that passes all
understanding. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that there's leadership in the
homes. There's stability in the houses.
That husbands would do what they're
supposed to do and take authority over
the devil. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that wives would go beside them and
help them and that they would work as a
unit, not two-headed. If there are two
heads, it's a monster. Do you
understand? There needs to be one head,
and it's Jesus Christ, and the husband
leading
is what needs to be. And then the
wife submits herself to the
Lord and her husband, and they work
together as a mighty moving force.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is
a mighty warring people going about doing
all that they could do. Father, that
this is a time that the husbands rise
up and take authority over the
devil. They will not have this
weak, limp-wristed, metrosexual
man in the house that has no
testosterone, but has a backbone that
says, 'We won't stand for
this.'We're
not standing for what's unrighteous.
We're not standing for what's not
biblical. We're going to have
a biblical-based Christianity that's
based upon the word of God, and we're not
going to sway away from it. We're going
to do what the Bible tells us to do in
this house, and we're not going to sway
away from it. And the pastors need to
get a backbone like a crowbar and stop
preaching a little
limp-wristed,
metrosexual, wimpy gospel that has no
backbone to it. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that the people rise up and have
boldness in these days and the
hour—a
Holy Ghost boldness to do and proclaim
what God has called us to do. And that's
to be who God's called us to be as a
Great Commission church that is not
defeated, not weak, not busted and
disgusted, but has victory. And we're
going from glory to glory; he's changing
us. We're
coming up
higher with the fire. We're soaring like
the eagles, mounting up
with wings,
and we're going to go higher and higher
and higher and higher and higher. Not
being a bunch of chickens in the chicken
yard. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
we'll be those people that say, 'We are
tired; we're fed up with what the
devil's doing in our
nations.'And
it starts there before they try to
silence you and take away your First
Amendment rights in America, saying
you're not allowed to say this stuff
anymore, you're not allowed to stand
against this stuff anymore. You have a
window. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
we use this
window to rise up
and to do what you've called us to do.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Holy
Ghost and fire—just like Moses
had the glory sustain him
for 120 years—the glory sustained
him, and you just had to call him home
because he would have kept on living
because of the glory. That's what kept Adam
alive was the glory. He was clothed in
the
glory. And when we get clothed in the
glory of God, it saturates us
like it did Moses. If God would do it
for Moses, how much more will he do it
for you? When the glory is inside of us,
it renews our minds. When the
word renews our mind,
the glory of the Lord changes us
from glory to glory. He's changing us,
and that's what fills us. The Holy
Ghost waterfall inside of us fills us
and renews our cells, defeats cancers,
defeats Alzheimer's, defeats brain
tumors, defeats leukemia, defeats all
of
it. It's the glory when the glory is
inside of you and it comes up like a
mighty rushing well. Father, bubbling
for
being filled with the Holy Ghost. You
told me, you said, 'Brandon, there will
be great sobering days
ahead.'But
what
will get you through the sobering days
is to be being filled with the Holy
Ghost. Be being filled, be drunk on the
new wine. Be
filled with and controlled by the Holy
Ghost. Being drunk in the Holy Ghost,
Father. And I thank you, Lord, that
new wine, that refreshing, is coming on
the body today. A refreshing of the Holy
Ghost, a refreshing of the spirit of the
Lord is coming on these households
today. A lot of people are
dry, but Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you fill our cup.
We lift it up, Lord. Come and
quench this thirsting of our soul. We
need a fresh touch,
Lord. We need
a fresh drink over our minds. We
renew our minds with the word of God. We
fill our spirits up with you and we are
refreshed. We're refreshed in
Jesus'name.
There needs to be a refreshing on
you every day. He is the
fountain. He is the living water. And we
drink
and we get filled
with that Holy Ghost and fire. We need
it every day. There
are
so many people living on
ten-year-old
food, ten-year-old revelation, ten-year-old
manna.
Father, I thank you,
Lord, that your mercies are
new every morning. New word,
new revelation comes from you, Holy
Spirit, all the time. That
taproot,
like I was talking about yesterday, is
going deep, looking for
the fresh water.
I refuse to stay in stagnant food.
I want fresh food, fresh
revelation, fresh outpouring, fresh
water, not old stagnant wine and old
wineskins
that turned into vinegar,
but
new wine with new
freshness, new outpouring, new Holy
Ghost
fire. Get a new drink.
That's what we're expecting today,
Father. Thank you, Lord. We call healing
and wholeness and wellness over every
single person who's believing for it
today. They're healed and whole and
well in the name of Jesus. No weapon
formed against them will prosper. A
thousand shall fall at their side and ten
thousand
at their right hand, but it will
not come nigh them. That's the kind of
God we serve. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that they're covered by the blood of
Jesus. Every single one of them today
is
covered by the blood. Father, we
thank you, Lord, that we have
expectation. We wake up
every single day and we have expectation
for the glory to manifest in our lives.
We have expectation for impartation from
the Holy Ghost.
We're not sitting and going, 'Well, you
know, it's just another day. Maybe
tomorrow will be better.'No, we grab a
hold of the day and we make the best of
it and we're excited about it and we
say, 'Today is our day. Today is the day
of victory in my
house.'We
will walk
by faith and not by sight. We will have
what the Bible says we can have. We can
do what the Bible says we can do. We
will not wait for another day, another
five years from now. I expect it today.
Faith calls those things that be not as
though they were. And I thank you, Lord,
that you're turning it around on a dime.
You're turning it around in the name of
Jesus. My circumstances are turning
around. Blessing is chasing me down.
It's running over. Good measure, pressed
down, shaken together, and running over
will men give unto our bosom. It's
chasing us down. Goodness and mercy will
follow us all the days of our life.
I believe what you said
about me today. I receive what you said
I could have today. Oh God, I thank you,
Lord, that you're moving the mountains.
And we speak to those mountains right
now in the name of Jesus. And we say,
'Be thou removed and be thou cast into
the sea.'And we don't doubt in our
hearts, Lord,
because, Father, you said we can
have whatsoever things we say. We say to
the mountain today, we are not
going to have to climb you. We're not going to have to
walk around you. We say we're
mountain dissolvers. And your mountain
needs to hear your voice today. And we
say in the name of Jesus, 'Mountain, be
removed.'Thank
you,
Lord.
Whatever your mountain may be, it
doesn't
matter. It could be a
financial mountain, it could be whatever
mountain it is. Whatever is in front of you
and it looks big,
we speak to what's big in front of
us and we tell you to be
gone. You see, it could be a bad
marriage, it could be sickness, it could
be finances.
I speak to the
mountain to be gone. And I call in fresh
fire. I call in fresh water. And I say
to my mountains, I say to these
things, 'Be gone.'You've got to say it.
You've
got to believe it.
It even says if you shall not doubt in your heart—don't doubt in
your heart.
That's like Abraham.
I'm fully persuaded that what
God has promised, he is able also to
perform. I'm fully persuaded that God
has
this. I'm fully persuaded
today. I stagger not at the promise of
God through unbelief. Thank you, Lord,
for your healing power.
Thank you, Lord, that no matter how big
the sickness may be, that mountain
of sickness, by his stripes, I am
healed. He was wounded for my
transgressions. He was bruised for my
iniquities. The chastisement of our
peace was upon him, and with
his
stripes, we are healed,
Lord. I speak to the mountain of
sickness. I speak to the mountain of
disease, and I say, 'Be gone.'In the
name of Jesus, I call the legs to grow
out. I call my arms to grow out. I
speak for new
growth. I speak for life. Life,
be! Can these old dead bones
live? Ezekiel said, 'Can these old dead
bones
live?'Can
they live? Yes. Speak to the
dry bones.
I hear the spirit of
the Lord say, 'Speak to the
bones.'I
speak to the spiritual dead
bones. Can these bones
live? All things are possible to him who
believes.
You say, 'Well, I've been down
and out so long spiritually, Brandon. I
don't know if I'm ever going to get out
of this
hole.'Can
these bones live today? Do you
believe that the bones that were in the
valley that were full and dead that God
could raise up an army out of
them? All we need is a living touch
of that living water on you
today. He's never left us and he's
never forsaken us. He's there. We've run
from him. He's waiting. 'When are you
coming home like the
prodigals?''When
are you coming home like
the prodigal today?'I say today, I am
running to Jesus and he's there with the
fatted calf. He's
ready to help us and
is
an ever-present help in
a time of need. The Bible says Jesus the
Lord is an ever-present help in a time of
need. That doesn't sound like
someone
who's an absentee dad. That doesn't sound
like a dad
who's
abandoned his child.
He's an ever-present help in a
time of need. There's a lot of you that
have daddy issues. Your dad was mean to
you. They abused you. They weren't there
for you. They left your mama and they
left you there. You were like
orphans. You didn't have
the finances to get through. You all
struggled hard because you had a single
mama trying to help you all. Dad didn't
want to pay child support. These were very
hard times. So, it's hard for you
to see a loving father in Jesus or
our Father
God. It's hard for you to see a God that
loves you because you say, "He's my
father,"because
you have an absentee father
syndrome. But God is an ever-present help
in a time of need and he's not like your
earthly
father. He never leaves you and he'll
never forsake you. God is a God of love
and he loves you and he wants the best
for you. You need to go around saying,
"My father loves me."Today I receive my
father's love. I know, Father, I have a
lot of war wounds inside of me
concerning my earthly father, the one
who
gave me the seed that planted
and
brought me forth into this earth.
But Father, you are not an absentee
father.
You are a God that never leaves
me. I'll be with you lo until the end
of the earth. I will be with you always.
I don't know who that's for
today, but you have real daddy issues
concerning your earthly father, and it's
hurt your relationship with your
spiritual father, but God wants to renew
all things. He wants to make all things
new, fixing and making it what the
devil meant for bad. God's going to turn
it
around for your good today. Fixing all
the daddy issues. Fixing all that pain,
the scars of abandonment that you have
felt. The abandonment of feeling I'm not
good enough. Obviously, he didn't want
me. They left me for adoption. They left
me for this. I have abandonment issues
because my family didn't want me. But
God's waiting with his arms wide open
for you. He has that fatted calf saying,
"Come on home, honey. Come on home, son.
You can make it. I'm waiting on
you."He's
waiting there with his arms wide
open, waiting for you today. If you just
let him in. Will you just let him in?
Give him a chance
today. Receive it by faith today.
Thank you, Father, that you become so
real to these people that have so much
hurt inside. Holy Spirit, fix the hurt.
Cleanse them from this
hurt. Wash it from their memories, Lord.
Father, they don't keep dwelling on
the past and going, "I've got
issues."No.
Today, behold, He makes all things
new.
Do
you believe that? Do you believe that
God loves you? Do you believe that God
so loved the world
that
he gave his only
son, that whosoever would
believe in him would not perish but
have everlasting life?
Do you believe that today? I believe
today is your day of salvation. You just
have to say a simple prayer with me.
Father, say it: Father, I receive you as
my Lord and personal Savior. Write my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I
believe you're the Son of God. I believe
you died and you rose again on the third
day, and I believe you're at the right
hand of the Father making intercession
for me as I speak, calling my name. And
the moment you confess your sins, he is
faithful and just to forgive you of your
sins and cleanse you from all
unrighteousness. All you have to do is
believe it by faith. What does that
mean? Father, I receive it. I believe
what you did for me and I receive
it. I need a savior.
I need
Jesus. I don't need
Muhammad. I don't need Buddha. I don't
need the devil. I don't need any kind
of false religion. I need Jesus today.
And you say, "Well, there
are
many gods, false gods, but
there's only one true God, and that is
Jehovah Jireh."That is "I am that I
am,"the
God that made the heavens and
the universe. He made everything just
for you. He's the only true God. There's
a lot of false gods. And there's a lot
of people say, "Well,
I'll receive another god because I have
all these other gods."No, there's only
one God, and there's only one savior,
and it's Jesus Christ. And you have to
denounce all those other false gods. You
have to denounce them and say, "I don't
want that anymore. I only want one
God."Because
God is a jealous God and he will
only be number one in your life. He
will not share with any idols. There's
no other
thing before him. Do you understand?
It's selling out to Jesus. I
want
you, Jesus. I make Jesus my Lord and
personal Savior. Not second to all
these other things.
Only one
God, only one baptism, only one Holy
Ghost and fire, one.
He is
"I am that I am."He is
everything. And that's what you receive
today. And all that other crap that
you've worshiped and all these other
idols—whoever's
watching this, I feel
it—all
that other stuff, burn
it, throw it in the trash, destroy it
because it's
an
abomination. Don't do it anymore. Serve
only him. Jesus. Jesus. Make him your
Lord and personal
Savior. That's all you have to do today.
I speak to so many different people
throughout the whole world that have all
kinds of different religions. "Well, I
do tarot cards. I do witchcraft
and I do these things: astrology. I
talk to the stars. I do all this
stuff."Weird
stuff. I have crystals. I have all
kinds of people email us wanting to know,
"How does Brandon see? I want to have
that power too."I talk to all these
familiar spirits. I astral project. I do
this, but I want to see like that
too. You're talking to devils.
And the only thing that will ever
take you to where I'm at is Jesus
Christ.
All that other stuff is demonic.
The other stuff is sending you to
hell. You have to separate
yourself only to Jesus and denounce the
devil and every evil work and say, "I
don't want anything to do with you. I am
sold out to Jesus today.
I will die for the cause of Christ today
because Jesus died for
me."Nobody
else died for
you. No one else died for you. Muhammad
didn't die for you. Buddha didn't die
for you. The devil most certainly did
not die for
you. No familiar spirit, no crystal, no
nothing has died for you. The only man
who ever died for you was a perfect
savior. His name was Jesus. And Jesus
died for you so that you don't have to go
to
hell. That's the only way to the father
is through him. No other god, no other
thing is able to get you to heaven.
There's only one and it's Jesus
Christ. He's the only way to the father.
You have to know this because there's
many of you that hear a lot of
different things, but I'm here to tell
you the truth that Jesus Christ is the
only
way. I get emotional about it because
there's so many people that are going to
hell on a day-to-day basis that think
they're on the right road and they're on
the wrong road.
Today might be your last day on this
planet. Today might be your last. This
could be your last video you ever watch.
This could be your last breath. Who
knows when your time clock is
over. But you play with fire every day.
Literally, you play with fire every day
thinking, "Well, I have tomorrow. I have
maybe five years."You may only have a
couple seconds.
None of us are promised tomorrow. And if
you have not accepted Jesus, you're
playing with fire. Go back and rewind
this and pray that prayer I just gave
you and ask him to be your Lord and
personal savior. And if you just
accepted Jesus Christ today, please let
us know down below.
We would rejoice with you.
The family that are watching this video
with you would love to rejoice with you.
My wife and I personally will
send you a Bible for free to get you
on the path of what you need to be
doing: reading your Bible. I can
send
you a New King James Bible; it's
beautiful. Read it every single day.
Find a church that teaches the
Word of God—a good
church. If you don't like the church
or
the way they are, leave,
but go to a church that teaches the
Word of God. Tell the pastor there, "I
just got born again on the
internet,"and
get water baptized. This is very
important.
Find a
good Bible-believing church, plug
yourself in there, and get in the Word of
God every single day. Volunteer, do
whatever you have to do, and that's the
Christian life. Tell other people
about the great
things
you've done
because I'm telling you, the best is yet
to come for
you. If you sin and mess up
again, pick yourself up, brush your
knees off, and keep going. You see, it's
not hard. The devil tries to make it
hard,
but we need to rise up as believers and
encourage the young believers that they
can do it.
I'm glad you came
and watched this video. I hope it
encouraged you
and
that you gave
your heart to Jesus Christ today because
that's the only decision that
really matters:
where you will spend
eternity.
Jesus paid the price for you
to walk in victory from glory
to glory. He's changing you,
the
believer. Thank you,
Father.
Restoration of all things,
healing of all things, and deliverance of
all things. Thank you, Lord,
for your healing power and
for
delivering us this
hour. Glory to
God. The best is yet to
come. Well, praise the
Lord. That's what I had for you
today. It's different every single day.
I am so thankful that you showed up.
Today was about salvation. The
Lord is calling the world back to him.
He wants you, ladies and gentlemen. He
wants to set
you free from
all the bondage from
childhood.
It's
interesting—his
heart beats
differently
every day.
He's leaving the 99 and
going
after the one today. He's just looking
for the one who will say, "Yes,
Lord, here am I."Thank you
for being here today. We pray for
Canada and all these other
nations. But what helps us the most?
Subscribe, click the notification
bell, click like, and comment something nice down
below.
We
truly appreciate
the support. You love on my family; there
are
so many of you who love us. A lady
in Kansas named Julie
sent Braden a
Bible book
and
Bible
things. Braden loves those Bible curriculum
things he's
been getting.
I'm
just thankful that you would
love on us the way you
do. There are so many kind people
sending books, coffee mugs,
and
even
socks.
It's just
love—people
loving on you. We
appreciate
you
being kind to me and my
kids.
God's good, y'all, and we are
thankful that you stand with us. You
pray with us and want to be a part of
this YouTube community, praying
for the harvest of souls
throughout the world.
We believe we're so
close to the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ.
It should be getting us
excited because Jesus is
coming soon. But I
believe we're going to have a great
revival first. There are so many unsaved
loved ones that need to know Jesus. I
don't want anyone to perish,
but all to come to repentance today. I
pray this video blessed you
and
uplifted your spirits.
We always close the broadcast by
telling you all: put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, we love you,
and we will see you again soon. Bye-bye.
Have a wonderful day.